[Excel] (Data types) Add data types explorer sample (#330)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/excel-data-types-explorer/README.md

## Features

This sample builds and then sideloads a data types explorer add-in that allows you to create and edit data types in an Excel workbook. Once the add-in is sideloaded, you can use it to explore string, double, boolean, entity, web image, and formatted number data types.

![Screenshot showing the data types explorer task pane and a formatted number entity in the Excel grid.](task-pane-data-types-explorer-formatted-number.png)

In particular, this add-in contains an entity data type builder that you can use to create and explore entity cards. To learn more about entity cards, see [Use cards with entity value data types](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/excel/excel-data-types-entity-card)

![Screenshot showing the data types explorer task pane, with the entity builder displayed, and an entity card open over the Excel grid.](task-pane-data-types-explorer-entity.png)

## Applies to

- Excel on Windows (minimum build of 16.0.14626.10000)

> - Excel on Mac (minimum build of 16.55.21102600)

Reviewer: Since the build numbers are mentioned in the Prerequisites section, this feels redundant.

- Excel on the web

## Prerequisites

- Excel on Windows with a minimum build of 16.0.14626.10000), or Excel on Mac with a minimum build of 16.55.21102600), or Excel on the web.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 16 or greater.
- [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) version 8 or greater.

## Solution

Solution | Author(s)
---------|----------
Create and explore data types in Excel workbooks | Microsoft

## Version history

Version  | Date | Comments
---------| -----| --------
1.0 | 9-7-2022 | Initial release

----------

## Run the sample

Take the following steps to run this sample and set up the data types explorer add-in.

1. Clone or download this repo.
1. Navigate to the **Samples/excel-data-types-explorer** folder via the command line.

> 1. Run `npm install` to set up the add-in dependencies.

Author: Added to gitignore. This resolves the error for me.

> 1. Run `npm install` to set up the add-in dependencies.

Reviewer 2: You should add the package-lock.json file back in. It helps ensure developers use the exact same version of libraries we tested with. To fix that error, just run npm install (it auto updates the file) then check in the new version. Error should go away after that.

> 1. Run `npm install --save @types/office-js-preview` to install the Office.js preview type definitions ([@types/office-js-preview](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/office-js-preview)).

Reviewer: Isn't this covered by the `devDependencies` in your package.json file?

Author: Yes, you're right! I'll remove this line.

> 1. Run `npm start`. This command will open Excel, sideload the add-in in Excel, and open the task pane.

Reviewer: Suggestion based on my personal vendetta against "will". I think you can also take out "command" and the sentence would read the same.
```suggestion
1. Run `npm start`. This command opens Excel, sideloads the add-in in Excel, and opens the task pane.
```

1. Follow the directions in the task pane to build and explore data types.

> Another version of this data types explorer tool is available as an [Excel Script Lab sample](https://gist.github.com/mafrenet/e6e1eb26d3ff778edad73a4230b44b5b). To learn more about Script Lab, see [Explore Office JavaScript API using Script Lab](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/explore-with-script-lab).

Reviewer: I'd be hesitant to link to this SL version because that implicitly manes we have to support it as well.

Reviewer: I think "See also" is a good suggestion. Maybe frame it as an "unmaintained version" instead of "not supported"? Let's move forward for now and check with David later.

In particular, this add-in contains an entity data type builder that you can use to create and explore entity cards. To learn more about entity cards, see [Use cards with entity value data types](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/excel/excel-data-types-entity-card)

![Screenshot showing the data types explorer task pane, with the entity builder displayed, and an entity card open over the Excel grid.](task-pane-data-types-explorer-entity.png)

## Applies to

- Excel on Windows
- Excel on Mac
- Excel on the web

## Prerequisites

- Excel on Windows with a minimum build of 16.0.14626.10000), or Excel on Mac with a minimum build of 16.55.21102600), or Excel on the web.
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 16 or greater.
- [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) version 8 or greater.

## Solution

Solution | Author(s)
---------|----------
Create and explore data types in Excel workbooks | Microsoft

## Version history

Version  | Date | Comments
---------| -----| --------
1.0 | 9-7-2022 | Initial release

----------

> ## Run the sample

Reviewer 3: Consider linking to [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing) for Excel on the web users.
